---
layout: post
title: "PUCK: Place-based, Ubiquitous, Connected and Kinetic Experiences for Interactive Architecture"
date: 2016-06-07
---

Puck is project, developed by Jennifer Stain, in 2011. It uses internet and mobile devices, tools we are connected to all the time now a days, to create, in a playful way, a new kind of relationship between building and people.

What happens is that when a person enters a building with PUCK she will be notified with an application on her mobile device and if she accepts the invitation she will now get her personal status in relation to the building on her phone. She will also be given a Identicon, a personal icon that will illustrated her status and that will appear on screams throw out the building as she get closer to them. 

Each personal Identicon is always changing, based on how much time the person has spend on the building and on how much she has contributed to the building. As the relationship of the person with the building keeps increasing she will be given sounds, that play whenever her Identicon pops up in a scream. 

If there’s more then one person close to a scream, it will show both people’s Identicon.  And based on how much time two people spend together, they will be notified if they are close to each other so they can meet if they want to. In that way, PUCK contributes not only on the relationship with the building, but also between people within it.

PUCK may also give you missions to contribute with the building. For example, the HVAC system notices there’s air escaping from an open window and therefore increasing the amount of energy spent. It can then try to make someone follows it Identicon close to the window, and then notify the person to close it, in order to save energy. 

To better understand the project, watch the video on these link, where Jennifer Stain herself demonstrates it: <a href="https://vimeo.com/38896127">https://vimeo.com/38896127</a>
